everybody welcome banker online please
abiding live contra plus I haven't
played in like several days to kind of
get this backlog down a little bit
because it has gotten to the point where
it's ridiculous like I've weird so tanky
right now others let's eat I'm not sure
if you can even play along with us here
but um I looked at whenever I upload I
made my videos essentially oh my god our
speed is 0.25
I named our videos based on the day that
they're completed so an Isaac episode
will be called like after birth plus you
know July whatever 2017 and I say that
knowing it's August right now I might
have a backlog but it's not that large
that we're still in July here it was I
mean it is August now and the one that I
uploaded real-time yesterday was like
July 22nd and I was like oh my god this
is getting absurd it's the muscle memory
dude from heaven done for Isaac episodes
a day for like a million years that now
I'm I don't know what to do with myself
don't let's look at some doing more
streams but does the Isaac time is just
like it is incalculable I'm not
complaining at all I'm just saying it's
again I'm starting every episode by
talking about how it's a good adjustment
period but I digress so we're going to
continue kind of working our way through
the challenges here because I think it
will enrich our other runs in order to
have all the rooms including the ones
that are not necessarily that amazing
there's also some of these challenges
give us items like I know that deaths
touch is created from one of these from
one of these challenges if I remember
correctly watch that one I've poisoned a
spectral Ghost which is news to me I
didn't know the one could do this but
I'm I'm happy it worked out like that we
actually got pretty lucky to get Bob's
curse right off the bat because it does
give us a little bit more hurtin power
to use against these awful awful enemies
sorting the enemies might not be that
bad
you know the haunt at this point if we
can't fight him we got bigger problems
but we we have such low speed that's ten
times worse than our damage not being
that amazing right now is the fact that
our speed is just awful so anything at
all that can give us more speed is
incredibly important right now keep in
mind we're not going to be getting item
rooms on this challenge so I did to the
best of my knowledge anyway we're not
going to be getting item rooms so it
really is important for us to not lose
our chance at a deal with the devil
because we could make 0.25 speed work
for ourselves if we at least get like a
little bit of bonus damage if we can
walk into a room and like murder
everything pretty quickly that would
help or we could get like 12 speed
upgrades because good god this is like
really really really slow right now I'm
actually like going back to the
challenges has made me feel a lot better
about my Isaac play in general because
I'm like man I was diced to be really
good at this game for a time I can't
believe that when rebirth came out I
mean we went through slumps as well but
I can't believe that when rebirth came
out I only lost one challenge maybe a
few challenges I've already lost one
challenge were on challenge 5 I've gone
soft you know back in the day it was
like oh you will take that for now back
in the day we were you know hardened
steel now I'm the you know getting a
little mentally pudgy here in my
advanced Isaac age I'm going to try it I
probably shouldn't but I'm going to try
it
not great super not worth it but at this
point like and
the thing is we should be pretty
unlikely to die for quite some time this
is definitely a situation where like
when it rains it pours so for right now
we should have basically no problem
surviving but once we start to lose HP I
think it'll all come crashing down
pretty quickly so wow that was really
good it's important to keep ourselves
going here keep ourselves above water
I'm of two minds about that we'll think
about that
battery is not worth much but I like a
three cent item it's a lovers card and
not worth anything right now maybe in
the future we'll blow that up definitely
take champion belt so that raises our
damage actually fairly considerably and
I think we're less likely to need the
extra uses of young heart than we are to
enjoy golden chest so it's kind of like
entire variability whichever one of
these would actually work the thing is
triple-a battery is worth nothing for us
if we never use young hearts and the
lockpick is worth nothing for us if we
never encounter golden chest so I know
we've already encountered two but that
doesn't the first rule of science you
know past returns are not indicative of
future returns and by science I mean our
slash Wall Street bets a subreddit I
read despite not being in the market for
whatever reason so we get it tears up
rate which is important
we basically need deals with the devil
so I will take Whore of Babylon despite
the fact that it's probably never going
to benefit us and I will take a
contractor and below despite the fact
that I don't know if they could
conceivably like possibly benefit us
even in under the best of circumstances
there we go
we did get a golden chest now still no
speed upgrade but now we actually have a
way out if we can get Abaddon which
thankfully is somehow found its way back
into my brain and I think I forgot the
name of her like a week if we can get
Abaddon we get horn Babylon it'll give
us a speed upgrade I don't know if
there's any items that are actually
speed multipliers maybe maybe not
but if I can get something that like
quadruples my speed that and dust takes
us to like an average start that would
be good maybe maybe not again I don't
know that's they should really shouldn't
call this game The Binding of Isaac it's
a stupid name apparently it's based on
an old book called like some Biblos
they should've just called it maybe
maybe not this year just called it 50/50
like either you win or you don't and I
don't think there's any other media
properties called 50/50 I think it's a
completely original idea that definitely
would not be infringing upon the rights
of you know Miramax pictures or anything
like that so it should be completely
fine is no there's no way that 50/50 was
made by Miramax because Miramax stopped
existing when the weinstein company came
into existence so now after I kill lust
and get the syringe I'm going to go look
who made 50 50 50 50 movie 2011 film
give it a second production company
mandate pictures and distributed by
Summit Entertainment way off dude
production company Point gray it's an
american film production company founded
by Seth Rogen it's named after
Vancouver's Point Grey secondary school
I didn't know that point gray is like
one of the most help
that's like irrelevant there is one of
the most affluent areas in Vancouver
which probably as a result makes it one
of the most affluent areas in Canada I
suppose but it's like a lovely
neighborhood I would love to be like
dang old Point Grey ruining the culture
of the city but I can't deny even if
they're $11 I love savory Belgian
waffles okay maybe I'm part of the
problem a Belgian waffle with some
smoked salmon on it it just tickles my
fancy
please get out of here that makes me a
traitor of the proletariat then so be it
but I didn't invent human tastebuds okay
look at this flanking maneuver here I
didn't program the human brain and say
hey you know be sweet if we made it so
that any combination of like fried
batter and sugar was the most delicious
thing in the world I know whenever but
whenever people talk about like gene
therapy it always goes into a dystopian
Bend and I can understand why people
would think that because you know
diversity is human beings is one of the
things that gives us strength you know
on a literal level genetic diversity
protects us from a variety of diseases
avoiding monoculture you know it helps
avoid the idea that humans could
eventually become like the Irish potato
blight which would relatively be bad I
think however at the same time if we
could get like some gene therapy that
was like alright human brain no longer
do you think that kettle cooked potato
chips are the most important food for
your existence like if we could just
gene Maude in the ability for the
healthiest foods to taste delicious and
I by the way people are going to be like
NL if you cook them right they are
delicious I agree you watch an NL SS
ever I'm the dude who's like Pro kale
everybody else is like it's like even a
garbage bag I will willingly sacrifice
french fries for like a kale salad edit
at a store and I'm between that and the
savory Belgian waffles comment I'm
really alienating a lot of my fan base
here potentially I'm just saying I know
when it's done right it could be
delicious but like even when chocolate
is done wrong it's pretty good even when
potato chips are bad my brain is like
continue to eat them I already went off
on this tangent recently like popcorn
man I will just eat infinite popcorn
even if it sucks I will eat it until
like my body explodes that sounds like
it would be romantic if it wasn't so
gross but no it's human brain is like
you know a easily digestible
high-calorie Guk OH
sign me up we need the gene ma the human
brain so it's like yo water tastes like
dr. pepper and chocolate tastes like
poison or we could learn responsibility
and self-control but dude why do we need
responsibility in self-control we have
science now did you hear the sound that
that guy made guru some patron stuff I
don't know man
that's I mean that's the honest answer I
don't know how I feel about gene modding
I don't know how I feel about
genetically modified foods
it's a hot-button issue to some extent
but like everything is genetically
modified we're genetically modified you
know our parents didn't just probably
make a baby with the first person they
saw they went I don't know something my
brain is telling me this guy's genes
look like the right way to go and they
went for it you know isn't that genetic
modification it's alright am I making
myself look ignorant potentially I guess
I just I as long as we get into
controversial subjects I dispute the
notion that people sometimes seem to
hold that like of Eugene mods of you
know capsicum all of a sudden you're
going to like eat it and grow an eighth
limb or something like that something
something this is where you do the
anecdote about the Cavendish banana and
how bananas in the wild actually taste
like garbage and then we genetically
modified our own banana that tastes
delicious and now you know atheists it's
the Atheist nightmare cuz it fits into
the person's hand and as a pull-tab you
know 100% this that was really just an
anecdote for Nick exclusively anyway I
don't know how we got off on this pseudo
science topic for anyone that's like in
high school right now having a
bachelor's degree in any science I just
want you to know this is
self-deprecating but having a bachelor's
degree in any science gives you about
enough information to be dangerous and
that's about it
- just enough information to make
yourself look like a learning idiot but
without having any actual real skill
associated with it so yeah I wouldn't
I'm not going to lean too far back on my
on my biology degree there okay so now I
kind of wish that we had gone with that
we've gone with triple-a battery because
Krampus has head is going to work like
gangbusters for us but I'm pretty sure
that we have actually won this run quite
easily right now it's my guess at least
I really feel like I I get I get roasted
sometimes in chat one of my favorite
expressions so that sounds very
pretentious but one of my favorite
expressions is I don't know I wish we as
a society were more okay with like not
knowing things everybody myself included
to some extent you know as a tendency to
pretend to be an authority and have an
opinion on everything you know what's
your opinion on you know a highly
specific issue that requires a lot of
experience and meesh knowledge to
understand I'm for it or I'm against it
you know everything is a political issue
in this day and age Thank You infamy for
saving me for my self there I'm a big
proponent of I don't know and I dispute
the idea that no I dispute the idea that
saying I don't know makes you ignorant I
actually think it makes you very wise if
I may to my own horn a little bit
because it's honest you know to say that
you don't know something the most honest
thing in the world it's like you know
why don't we leave that to the people
who understand it so I always feel like
I am a an NHL hockey fan I like the
Vancouver Canucks mostly due to locality
and I have a very arbitrary set of rules
for following sports teams that I that
will detail duskily if you have any
legitimate geographical connection by
the way this is all meant in farce but
if you have any legitimate geographical
connection to a city you're allowed to
root for a team and that means including
I might be going to get the eternal
heart because this is the end of the run
so I don't think it actually provides us
with extra HP until we get down to the
one full heart damage floors by the way
we'll do another challenge over the
course of this video because this one's
going to be over in like no time flat
here if you have a legitimate
geographical connection to a city you
can route for that sports team of course
you might say I can refer whatever
sports you might want that's correct
but this is without derision this is it
makes it justifiable is what I'm trying
to say if you're from Boston
congratulations
you can root for the New England
Patriots I know they're incredibly
successful but if you're from if you're
from Massachusetts you can root for the
New England Patriots if you're from the
Northeast in general I think you can you
know Maine Connecticut etc etc and New
England I should say if you're from New
England you can root for the New England
Patriots even though they've done
amazing Saints or from Chicago you can
root for the Chicago Blackhawks you can
root for the Cubs you might be like a
little bit of a bandwagon fan if you
only got into it recently but you know
what sports rely on turning bandwagon
fans in the real fans and said at some
point everybody had to start from zero
nobody was born a baseball fan you know
your grandfather showed it to you his
great-grandfather was there when
baseball was invented it's like a
tesseract from the Avengers anyway long
story short baseball is an infinity
stone long story short what kind of like
that actually
that's like rule number one rule number
two and now they get more I wouldn't say
abstract but more arbitrary if you don't
have you're not in the geographical
region of a team you have two choices
you can either root for the closest
geographical team or you can root for
their biggest rival but there's a subset
of rules that is you can't root for a
team that's won the championship in the
last three years and I'm not again you
can do whatever you want however if
you're from Southern California and
you're like I'm going to root for the
Pittsburgh Penguins
they won last year that's not okay and
by that's not okay I mean that's
completely okay this is a trivial issue
but at the same time you should accept
that you're going to catch some plaque
over it and it's there is what other oh
I really like the fact that they'll
their jerseys are in the richest turn oh
you like the fact they won last year
that's fine it is more fun to root for a
winner take it from somebody who's
rooting for the team that came third
last last year in second laughs this
year you know I'm holding out for the
bright spots those are the big rules you
know there has to be some otherwise I I
think you're allowed to root for anybody
if you're from Los Angeles I think it's
okay for you to root for the Buffalo
Sabres but they have to be garbage right
now if you're if you're cheering for a
team that's not in your geographical
area you got to get in on the ground
floor you know because we all have and
we're just going to do another challenge
what do we even unlock for this
hopefully it's not garbage Oh on suits
that's pretty good all right so that's
one challenge done here and then we'll
do solar system solar system is very
scary if I remember correctly this is
like orbitals but we can't shoot yeah
this is my kind of run we also have
Beelzebub we do have Beelzebub which
didn't exist when rebirth came out I
think so this challenge might actually
be slightly easier now but I thought
that was an after birth edition but
anyway haddon fresh out the kitchen I
only say this because I mean first stuff
I guess I'm kind of a jerk when it comes
to this sort of stuff but yeah everybody
has like I grew up in Canada so when
people root for like NFL teams you know
1997 I don't really watch NFL 1998 I'm
the biggest fan of the Green Bay Packers
that's ever existed I think it's kind of
I think you've got a buy low sell high
so like if you're looking for an NHL
team to support right now there's
several that I would recommend you get
in on the ground floor it's the same and
if you if you find yourself disagreeing
the number one way that I could flip it
around on North America is that in North
America people only root for like eight
soccer teams Manchester United
Manchester City
Chelsea Liverpool and then if you're a
hipster you root for Tottenham and you
go oh oh why do you why do you cheer for
Tottenham Hotspur oh well you know what
really like the set no you like the fact
that they weren't one of the big four at
the time that you started following
soccer so it made you look like you had
more street cred that's fine okay we've
all got our reasons if you're if you
have a legitimate reason to cheer for
them that's also fine as well then
beyond that Real Madrid Barcelona the
average North American soccer fan has
not heard of any team in the French
league including Paris saint-germain
they have not heard of any team in the
Dutch league they probably call it Ajax
not IX
I'm just letting you know this is true
I'm now looking down on these people
when I started watching soccer I've
routed from Manchester City it's like
actually the scummiest team to root for
in 2010 because they essentially got
bought and then like bought their way to
a championship and everyone was like
you're a bandwagon fan and I'm like no
but I'm also not from England so it was
kind of hard to choose a team if I'm
waking up at you know 6 a.m. local time
to watch a sport I want to see some wins
anyway I digress these are the arbitrary
rules that govern my life that's why I
always have a grocery store anecdote
because I I always expect people to
follow my own arbitrary rules that are
inherently meritless but when they don't
I get I get fake outraged and then you
know try to tell those stories on the
show so let's like walk it through with
a thought experiment you're a small town
boy
living in a lonely world you took them
in that train going anywhere you're from
you know Glendale Arizona you should
root for the Arizona coyotes you're
getting in on the ground floor because
they kind of suck they're the local team
to you they're kind of underdogs you
have basically you created plausible
plausible deniability
there's no reason anyone would ever
assume that you're just glory hunting
you should not root for the Anaheim
Ducks
they're a divisional rival you would be
accused of glory on without a doubt you
got no unless you have like
then I'll accepted and of course I'll
accept it no matter what because the end
of this story is that this anecdote is
going nowhere and you're entitled to do
whatever you want because it's your time
and money but in my world you would at
least have to answer for your crimes
until you admitted that get out of here
it's like bear teddy bear taffy roots
for the New England Patriots he has his
reasons
but he lives closer to Seattle now so I
understand understand where he's at he
grew up in the Massachusetts region so
he has an excuse but I am kind of like
hey dog you know you move this area you
should start cheering for CL not saying
that something's going to happen to you
I don't even watch football but except
for like the Super Bowl because you know
great excuse to eat ribs belly button
dude I'm stoked a speed upgrades
important you this run is going totally
fine by the way but anything could
happen at any given time to throw it off
the rails so I'm slightly perturbed this
one going to mom's heart is also
hilarious because I not quite as strong
as the last run in concept alone anyway
I know you're probably all a North
American talking about soccer aka
football I'm not going to get into the I
can't have the is it called soccer or
football argument anymore call it
whatever you want is getting as
exhausted as the like is exha sandwich
joke and I brought it upon myself but
regardless I just can't do it anymore we
call it two different things I call it
Paris you call it pari that's fine you
know we got to learn to work together on
this on this pale blue dot
excuse me sir don't like that you do
that all right where we at on this run
well we're actually in like a completely
okay spot to be honest with you I don't
really want more HP or speed I would
take either of them or both of them in
the case of a blood bag we don't need
them we could use the IV bag to get a
little bit of a little bit of protection
you know create that artificial period
of invincibility and then our orbitals
we can use more risk-free but I'm mostly
interested at this point in grabbing
this money and then we can use the money
to hopefully make our life easier on the
shop we really just want I mean to be
honest more orbitals because mmm I like
this a lot actually
we need more orbitals I don't want to
buy champions belt because I don't even
think champions belt does anything for
us it might make sister Maggie do
slightly more damage but I am using
sister Maggie right now instead
something like sac dagger from a deal
with the devil year would be 10 out of
10 and I still want to thank SAC dagger
plus IV bag is the win so if we the
worst case scenario is we get enough
money to buy something at slightly
increased risk to ourselves by playing
both of these blood banks a little bit
more the best case scenario sac dagger
deal with the devil or from the fall and
we get Zach dagger followed by getting
IV bag from this blood bank situation
here we do have bombs as well so I don't
know I'm a holding down the fire button
like it actually matters but oh come on
his face was up
this hurts me deep in my soul it is
weren't at the right spot to get rotated
upon whatever I'm not going to say it
was worth it but it could have gone
worse okay that one was the example of
it going worse we could use this
placentas fine here um and I know
honestly both of these are extremely
good that might have just given us the
wind by itself we have battery charges
back there as well and we do have
battery charges back there all right so
the big play here is there anything else
left in this room
I mean champion belt we can buy a
champion belt we do have Steam sale I
don't know if it's ever going to come in
handy for us we could buy it and then
give this bad boy right here nice okay
don't take it yet that's exactly what
we're looking for so check this hot
action you that now the the Satanic
Bible is also extremely valuable but I
don't know if it's as valuable as
properly using IV bag as ridiculous as
that might sound IV bag opens up the
door for us to deal a bunch of damage
risk-free
I think satanic Bibles probably like it
it's the lower standard deviation safer
choice an IV bag is like the shoot for
the fences choice so I mean again we've
already done these all once before we
might as well go for the the swing for
the fences choice especially with
placenta I think it it works nicely
potentially all right that was easy uh
we might as well I mean we're going very
quickly here we might as well crank on
this a little bit hope for some lucky
pennies nothing grab this get the heck
out of town still waiting on one more
orbital to show up but this is
absolutely fine in and of itself I'm
going to grab champion belt the idea
being that if we ever get any way to
shoot or any familiar like an incubus
for example that shoots then this will
be well worth it but apart from that
still very good I think we're going to
get this challenge done we've got the
tools to make it plausible now I'm a shy
away a little bit from using IV bag in
not guaranteed situations like not
situations where we have HP all around
us basically on this floor but once we
get down to the womb it's going to be
like 10 out of 10 for us to for us to
use IV bag as much as possible I think
and I'm actually like over the moon
because I have a great excuse to use
that sucks I have a great excuse to use
our orbitals aggressively what is the
great excuse the great excuse is there's
no other option literally unless we want
to use sister Maggie to deal all of our
damage which sounds like a waking
nightmare of the most high proportion
basically $0.07 speed upgrade via
trinkets melter we might as well buy
blue mat because we're full of money
here and we can always get more puberty
pills still fine nothing wrong with it
might as well take a second trinket I
mean that's what we signed up for here
oh yeah just walk right into the fire
there it seems like a particularly
shrewd investment so I'm just trying at
the present moment to use IV bag anytime
it seems like we could be hit
[Music]
that worked out really really well
actually I would love to get like gimpy
or something like that in here
all right not going to happen rotate
dude I'd freaking dare you no rotation
necessary it's a lump of coal does
nothing going down to the next four
still get a long road ahead of us here
along I mean diamond even described the
road as winding
what's your favorite movie trilogy look
I'm just using this as a pretense for a
bit I really like seven eight crazy
nights and nine weeks thanks I thought
it was super weird how they went from
like a gritty you know police thriller
to an animated Adam Sandler driven
Christmas movie I mean you don't see
that kind of risk-taking in art that
much these days so I was I was really
proud of the happy madison corporation
for doing that i thought it was a bold
artistic choice
gotta think like there's got to be a a
better example than that and be a
tangent that we can spin off from that
that isn't just about not liking Adam
Sandler movies which is played out at
this present point okay stop stop the IV
bag damages is irrelevant that's is I
mean it's good actually because
everybody knows that Adam Sandler movies
are not the highbrow comedies and I
hated Adam saying this is the most
hipster thing I've said in a while even
including the Belgian waffles thing I've
made a Adam Sandler movies since I was a
young snob you know I don't like 50
first dates I don't like little Nicki
there were people hating those movies
when they came out I was one of them
I'll admit that recently it's gotten
worse partly because I've gotten older
but anyway regardless that we got to be
a little careful here we have to be a
little careful here I said put that IV
bag on ice for a bit but I also you know
as I've gotten older I've actually
gotten less snobby or at least I'm still
snobby
but I don't push my snobbishness on
other people the way that I did when I
was you know a teenager basically
because I had nothing better to do now
and I'm not saying you know if you're a
teenager you got nothing better to do
but I definitely had nothing better to I
was an only child well you know my
school didn't offer AP or IB classes
just going to school coming home and
then
reading Rotten Tomatoes feizi enough oh
so we have done this before like we've
cheesed our whole run before by doing
this I'm gonna do it again maybe they
fixed it and by fixed it I mean ruined
it I don't know what happened there I
had to try though you know you got a
swing for the fences on a run like this
so I don't really know what what we got
or lost I did not need to buy a bomb I
mean we have the ability to fly
we got great damage we've got much more
speed much more HP I guess we should get
familiars we did lose Steam sale in the
process which thinks but try to become
guppy perhaps sure I mean this seems
acceptable to me I think I still think
we're gonna win this one it's actually
great that they don't allow you to break
your game by accidentally re rolling
your whole run into into garbage so I am
happy with that but at the same time I
was kind of hoping to reroll out of my
blindness and be okay there dude I'm a
little bummed we didn't get BFF because
these enemies are taken for freaking
ever to kill can we hold two trinkets we
cannot I'd rather have some lifesteal
just in case
really all we got to do we did lose IV
bag so I did you know I worked fairly
hard in videogame terms at least to get
that kind of wind condition and then
I've squandered it but I've squandered
it wilfully in the name of entertainment
which i think is really a great metaphor
for my life squandered wilfully in the
name of entertainment that's one of
those books you see on Amazon and it's
like a dollar and you go oh you know I
was wondering if this book was good
normally a book that cost a dollar would
entice me but the fact that this book is
a dollar at full price kind of tells me
everything I need to know books are kind
of like food in that sense if you see
like you know oh Dracula's on sale for a
dollar you're like yeah no kidding Bram
Stoker already made his money if you see
a book come out and it's a dollar that's
like finding out hotdogs that cost 30
cents you're like I don't know like on
the one hand it's real cheap what's the
worst that could happen
on the other hand do I really want to
tempt fate like that so give me the
polaroid please and Dead Sea Scrolls not
worth it what do you got for me no not
necessary no no these are all
justifiable to skip not good enough like
there is a minimum price that you'd feel
comfy a maximum price I told his horse
anecdote on the analyst says I don't
know why I keep getting roasted for it I
was at a grocery store I wanted some
chicken breast I went to the meat
section there were six chicken breasts I
love you the price $48 I said no I
bought cans of chickpeas instead when
borderline vegetarian for because I'm
not paying for you as I was six chicken
breasts that's crazy now everybody in
twitch chat is like Oh remember that
time NL paid $48 for chicken breast
that's literally the exact opposite of
what happened over the course of the
story I'm being slandered or in print if
libel according to Jay jonah Jameson in
spider-man 1 but anyway the point is I
didn't buy those chicken breasts however
that's the maximum price if I went to a
grocery store and six chicken breasts
were like 75 cents I would say hey
there's a mistake with the price and
they'd say no that's the price they are
and I'd say okay I'm not going to buy
them that's too cheap for chicken it's
scary you you're scaring people away
with them cheap it is like it shouldn't
be able to be sold that cheap when I
worked in in South Korea my knowledge of
Korean as a language was very very small
and a highly-specialized would be an
incredibly polite way to put it I knew
how to ask where the bathroom was I knew
I knew how to do it if I knew a noun
I could ask where it was Oh Shelia da a
Burger King Oh da au jus say oh you know
you say hey where's the Burger King you
know as long as you know the word you're
good I also knew one joke in Korean and
it's a what is the vampires favorite
thing to drink in the morning
kopi now if you don't know what that
means
it kopi is Korean for coffee so it's
what vampires like to drink in the
morning because it's what everybody
likes is drink in the morning but it's
also a pun because kopi is knows blood
so it's like a not a double entendre but
it's a little bit of wordplay there now
you look that joke absolutely killed
with like five to ten year olds I'm
telling you straight up that was like
their favorite thing in the whole world
this is a great potential situation for
us here however beyond that I didn't
really Black Lotus not bad I didn't
really learn how to survive too much so
I ended up eating that like a lot of the
same restaurants and I found this it's
like a food stall that was close to my
apartment at the time and they served
fried chicken in a cup like popcorn
chicken style in a sauce it was a dollar
for a cup of chicken and he might be
thinking of course it's dollar it's
Korea that's you know ignorant it's a
first world country
stuff is I mean it was a little cheaper
there to eat out but it wasn't like oh
yeah you won like a whole you know
Chilean seabass that'll be ten cents
like the prices were not absurdly cheap
anyway the point is I was stoked I was
like look at this delicious meats for a
dollar plus I'm supporting a local
business and I had a one-on-one student
who was particularly you know like great
at English would just be the way to
describe she was like fluent at English
so most of our lessons were just like
you know sharing anecdotes and then like
mild corrections to grammar and stuff
like that so I was like hey check it out
I've been eating this food what's it
called and she's like that's called
dakgangjeong and I was like alright now
when I go to the food stall I can say
that instead of just pointing at it and
then like them laughing at me because
I'm a piece of garbage but and then she
was like by the way don't eat that
because it's probably pigeon that was
that was a sobering moment for me for
one because I was like first pigeon
tastes pretty good and I guess I mean
Who am I to look down on eating pigeon
is a kind of meat like I did I've been
eating chicken my whole life maybe
pigeon is you know I'm just holding a
bias against it that I shouldn't but
yeah that was the I was a story of how I
probably ate like a lot of pigeon maybe
I mention she was also like 13 so she
might not have known really what she was
talking about but I am inclined to trust
her considering she lived there and I
was just a tourist right I'm just a
tourist and life is a night man same
thing like used to buy like these fried
meat on a stick items and she told me
don't eat those either it's probably
some kind of garbage meat basically this
student of mine was the reason I ended
up not contracting some kind of terrible
parasite when I lived in Korea not
because it's dirty country but because
the chose to live it like eat at the
dirtiest places one time these things
they're called
PO Jung mantras which are basically like
food tents at the side of the road
these to eat this food one near my
apartment all the time it's called oh
dang it's a steamed fish cake is
delicious it like 30 cents a skewer so
you know for like a couple of bucks you
can get a delicious high-protein meal
kind of take part in the local culture
you know it feels good one time I sat
down in one there was an old older
Korean man next to me starts talking to
me in Korean not a wise move on his part
but you know very congenial of him
regardless he leaves and he gestures
understanding that I have understood
nothing of what he said up to this point
he's like hey you can eat my food and I
like looked at the lady running the cart
I was like I made a gesture that in my
head was like is this guy saying I could
eat his food and she was like yeah and I
ate it and I was like this is real bad
so I asked her what it was she said it
was tok ball and i said in my head was
choke ball came home googled it what's
choke ball I was like Bigfoot I know
they eat in a lot of cultures I'm not I
don't understand it
pigeon feet maybe I can get behind you
know as we've established it's my
favorite meal on earth but I don't know
the pork foot just tasted like plaster
to me we have beaten solar system this
challenge was not a joke even as we
approach the end of it things are
getting a little dicey here why am i
coming to this room well it allows me to
convenien amount of time to wrap this up
and say hey thanks for watching hope you
guys have enjoyed the episode if you did
click the like button helps out a great
deal of course subscribe if you want to
see more in the future but for now
thanks for watching and I'll see you
next time